[Music]
and there are people, dude, listeners, the CEO has
come, a member, it was carrack and he has
become a member and since the
member he has started insulting people,
stringer, I don't know what, I don't know how much, I already have the
minimum for neo, it is luxio toxicity,
no water, Antonio, anywhere and
here on TV to the CEO, at the slightest
insult, which streamer, that is, to me or to
any of the protagonists of the
video or they post messages to provoke and
touch him, he supports what he wants, banned and this is a
channel of the salsa singer that is no longer like
before when everything was allowed, here the
kid has a clean shawl and the
comment box, action, a clean comment box
and here you come to enjoy the
simple thing, being in a good mood, let's see the
request to cancel the veto
[Music]
the crazy drunk but this gets
bigger, it's going to get from here that I see that I
have very bad eyesight or help
Angel, he is a criminal, he plays to take it up the
ass and his request is bliss, I will not
call anymore, criminal Joan Plana, I
have said it, sorry, it
cannot be missed  out of respect for the
protagonists of the video chicken or if it's
sad the sucks h pay
him wise hire Latinos so they come out
cheap pay them in kind
man I'll go here you've gone a little too far not
to this one we take it off the team's fingers
pamphlet Jaime to the press of the 5
cachantún for the gas
vg I copy
why do you get angry if I tell you copycat
you're a copycat
this drawing would surely be support or
something like that okay I already had
temporary positions I got heated and I was
drunk I promise not to happen again but to
get involved permeated and that's it you have it
as you can see there aren't many there isn't much and that I've
already made it clear that not
one happened I want pitbull as
Aurum Play said no
less bad I was going for an hour here I'm
going to I've been here for two I've already been here for two hours or the
nonsense let's see this salsa with how
long it takes I have this salsa left this good one I
told you it's in having less
collect it and rescue it for me because I saw that there
were some tweets from Dallas that you
were sending me and you're
asking me about it and the  I really
hadn't realized because I'm super
busy with the Honorable Mention. Okay, now the
Honorable Mention is going to ask me. Where is
the live broadcast from these nights? It was going to
take a while like the last ones. It was going to
take a while for you. The bullets have exploded,
editor, man, it wasn't going to be published. The
editor, but anyway, the editor is telling
lies on Twitter. A guy who seems to be
editing for a YouTube channel
said on Twitter that he refused to edit
for Dallas because he loves his
followers.
Immediately, the typical haters arrive
to pat him on the back,
congratulating him for refusing to work with
Dallas. The tweet was deleted, but it was
this, this lobby. What an ethical [ __ ], what a
disgusting city. What I
refused to edit to give them in order to
continue editing clips and passes. I hope
you know how to value it because you have to
present the facts,
what points. I mean, if an editor watches
Saints, I would be ashamed, I would be [ __ ]
ashamed to see. It's not my fault what
the editor says. And every now and then I have editors
who probably, well, would criticize in
their good genes. I don't know what
my editors do, honestly.
[Applause]
For me  almost all of them have channels but I do
n't know what they say, what they think, and what
their opinion is and I can't get into that
obviously it's not my fault or
responsibility but I would be ashamed
since it's pathetic, it's pathetic. Dallas gets
angry upon reading the tweet since it had been
left as something secret that will be out
soon, in addition to Dallas saying that the
boy had agreed to edit it. Dallas when
answering made a thread
telling the following since you like to
publicly expose things that they
had no need to put to scratch
fame I'm going to deny you one had no
need whatsoever to publish this and
also I told you to keep it a
secret to not generate a stir and
yet you published it to gain fame but
of those who I will never know 27 block it
is because I don't want to talk to you anymore,
not so that you run to twitter to publish it,
or rather, of course because the guy has posted
tweets to the guy has posted every tweet
because Dallas blocks him yesterday
that I spoke to you and what you do after
saying yes I would avoid is run to
twitter to say that the rejected ones are
often false to get some
approval  popular 3 i never offered you to
edit it was a specific project in which i
thought of you to give you a
stratum job i knew it and if i had needed
more time i would have had it as long as it
took instead you
gave up after two days without another
word and ran to twitter to
publish it the disappointment the betrayal
friends you left me and my editor
stranded with no chance at anything and on top of that
literally at the moment you came
running to twitter to publish that I
had rejected you to make yourself believe yourself very
important and pretend that i had
offered you a permanent position like my
editor austria that it was not being an editor that it
was an editor job it was not being an
editor in a constant plan like the
reese armies with me but something
specific 4 the ugliest thing of all is that on
top of that people are already saying that dallas
bad to youtube is good when
literally the deal you reached
with your youtube is a literal scam that
pays you only based on what a
secondary channel generates and on top of that with a cap and
how do you know that dallas or rather
has started talking to dallas he has
spoken badly of the other youtuber  and on top of
that you can shoot well you have to be an
idiot done that he started
talking to dallas or portals or with the
editor of dallas putting true another
youtuber of what he estimates how he
pays him and then okay it's [ __ ] dallas you have to
be stupid it's not the simple fact
of going to this twitter to say reject it's the
editor of dallas so that he has a
palm you have to
go crazy to generate
the content yourself and in itself he only charges if you
manage to make his fame grow on
youtube because if you don't get
views on his secondary and you don't charge there he
has you editing all his videos
high risk and low profit because he will never
pay you more than a thousand dollars and that's only
if the channel generates 2000 or more well
this is already the agreement that he wants to
accept because of the move the deal if he didn't
ask for it wrong the agreement he has with his
other youtube is that he keeps everything
that with everything that generates sugar let's see
this one that to see it well, it
turns out that the turkey passes and clips
you have peace and click
that sounds familiar to me already sounds familiar  a lame of
this guy that other channels have pastor
to well I don't know when well not having
crossed in some video of his on some
occasion the agreement is that the editor is in
charge of creating all the content for
the two channels look to swallow the
live and see what and he keeps
half of what the channel generates this with
a limit of a thousand dollars since if it generates
five thousand dollars he still takes a thousand it
will be more or less on the channel in
this channel to see if it has a
Latin American audience generated a thousand of course they do
n't have that 22 me for example the
channel of the salsa youtubers is
worth javi the canijo and that has nothing
to do with monetization such as for example
that of teles to the pse or rather the cpm of
Spanish ladies has absolutely
nothing to do with this surely the
teles to the ceo n of 800 thousand times more
money than this one so if you're
telling me that from the limit of a thousand he only
pays him based on what a secondary channel generates
and on top of that with a limit, that is, he
edits all the content if he doesn't
get visits on the secondary he doesn't get
paid of course and  edit all the videos
of course and I understand that the channel we have
talked about not as patxi said I understand
that the main channel or rather the channel
also generates the content
live only that it removes the chat I don't
understand why it makes sense to me
well he made him envious that's why it will be
easy but why does he have
this [ __ ] but this has been called another
way value let's go then well for what
everyone is going to talk in the
comments I have a love blue wave in
which this is called a
replacement plate and they put it on me at the
dentist and I have to have it on 24
hours a day for a few months months
the stools do not come out like the
ass it is more uncomfortable than going in one not
because of your old ones but well I have to
have it because this face of an angel
must be fixed my god well I don't know
if with the teeth it will be
solved made rich in the whole mouth
scene the video has seen I don't know what video
I found of him but I know that
sometimes I cross him but I don't know why not
like my editor who paid him a
fixed salary regardless of what I
generate but of course we will see or  be
me for example now I agree on a price
per video with the editors and there are many
times that I end up paying because with the
public I had when he decides to put
800 videos in yellow each
main one ends up generating
absolutely almost nothing it is because of the gas and
all the videos just as they uploaded they
have put them in yellow and they have been
put we would lose so ends up having
visits that did not work for twitter
something like that do not be and this payment sounds
but it
seems to me that he had another name anyway I am attacking myself telling myself that I am the bad one but idiot but let's see if the only thing Dallas did at this moment was offer him a job a project x and z and the turkey rejects it and puts it on
twitter more egg in the payment this more
egg in the pierrot s the same old thing
[Music]
ah [
Music]